seven guys 7eleven was crazy about
eating Thailand just to
eat another 7eleven mixed sandwich
let's go to them plus I have to
buy myself dinner because Fran already told us
that dinner, I don't have to go out of my way
okay
but
oh my goodness the kangaroo is not the
kangaroo he used to be and he gets up and starts
throwing hosts that I don't
see is he there or
not I think Yuji had the land where
he had the sanctuary and he doesn't
want to give it back and he wants to
rent it out now because the
relationship ended with everything that man did
for her I never thought he would do it to me
she is I thought that I am over there My children
are wondering and where are the
good people and where are those who can
help and the thing is that there is no there is no answer you have to
come here we are going to
save the sanctuary we need 40,000
subscriptions on the Kik Channel to be
able to save the sanctuary 5 days
in a row without stopping to save the
sanctuary on Kik you are seeing the
address subscribe or give away
subscriptions let's go 40,000  there this one I'm
going to go because it's going to happen to me
like the other day this guy comes to
mind today's video family is that
crazy he's not the endearing little kangaroo he used to be What's up crazy
crazy What's that face looking at
Javi Look at that face Yeah that
face as if he were Well look and now he
hits watch out I might
take him to protect myself to YouTube eh Crazy
what What's going on but he hits suddenly he
starts doing this because of the chest but
right now It's good No now it's
fine Yeah crazy no he's good he's already
grabbing me right
yes that's what he's doing there let's watch
the chapters it's that I haven't seen anyone
yet because when I arrived we
were dark Hello
hello [ __ ] Well they've grown too no yeah yes yes you ca
n't tell the difference anymore The older ones
the little one Okay what are we going to
do Paloma let's feed
the camp area now Who the
ostriches the reptili ario the chickens
for breakfast no two nymphs yeah come on
Well will grandpa throw you out Hello Chuchi Where
is it  my Pig Where's my
favorite Pig like this up above and we put
some water on them over here over here does it sound familiar or what do
you remember this this [ __ ] the
goat always comes behind yelling what do you
want come on man come on
girl What's wrong with you whatever you
say my sister whatever you say my sister What do you
want keel What do you want me to shut up
now keel eh eh you're going to
save me the bas tomia for you guys what's going on
here Do you want to shut up now girl wo
n't you shut up won't you shut up won't you shut up keel won't you shut up
watch the street arcala Here's El
Hormiguero and over there you can record if you
want better not go in we can't see them
over here no there are these people and
well Paloma I'm going to
feed them but it's
better without Fran for now we're not
going to go in later in theory he
told me that he has to put me in there well
one test that we're going to do is to
put me alone in there but of course I don't think it's that
literal don't you believe that I don't
know I don't know I don't know what they thought let's see I
see  a little heavy But well we
'll see I wouldn't do it But well
if you didn't you would you're the one who lives here
Hey how green everything is eh this when
I came it was dry dry Dry the other
time there was nothing You can tell it's
another
season What's up
[ __ ] what's up
Yeah don't tell me it's still the same eh
heavy Hey she's chubby eh
honey you're calm How
pretty what what if you don't want no
man Man what
What's up let's go see the uris and the
Aryan reptili I'm not going to [ __ ] But this don't see what's
going on no yeah yeah [ __ ] what's going on
[ __ ] I mean I don't know if you'll
remember that here we were sitting
on the floor I don't know if you'll remember
[ __ ] I didn't realize when
We were watching the baby meerkats
they're like between all the filaments it's
like straws very
stale and now they're not babies anymore No
babies are not babies anymore month Hello hello hello
well they're not very big either
eh Not much more they don't grow a little more
but Not much more Hello I really like
hunting crickets Hello What's up  let's go there there there there come come
V I
missed one hello hello hello
hello do you remember me that
you have one Ah okay like like a
total grandpa eh look look guys like a
total grandpa in the country eh
[Music]
look Not here with all the bugs
no Eh Eh Eh the skunk got carried away eh the
skunk got carried away What's wrong with him the
skunk got carried away he got a little
Hey they're getting a little violent
Not with me but what are you doing defending yourself with a
chair Poor things, the skunk wants to attack me they
all want to attack me too Look look look look but they do
n't want to attack you damn what they
want is to play with you let them
get on your nerves
Hey look at him look at him with the sunglasses
look at him he works like that work guys
Javi s Javi does his hair in
the mornings come on come on he does his
hair come on he does his hair
[Music]
but I thought he was going  to help Paloma with the
food issue and it seems to me
that helping Paloma with the
food issue is a little bit eh there with her chair
quietly see how now she gets out and
the meerkats come out you'll see how she tries to
get out and the meerkats come out and she causes trouble look at it look at it look at it
[Music]
funny now I'll also tell you one
impressive thing is that he came
from Seville to here there are many
people that you see in times of
emergency and you can
see it but but he went in s s Get him out of there
still he hasn't closed it yet he doesn't
close it who knows what
Big Brother is thinking don't worry Javi
in the afternoon in the afternoon you're going to go in there
don't
worry You're going to have a great time there do
n't worry me in the afternoon I'm going to go
in there he
looks like Big Brother he looks like Big
Brother
[Music]
Fran My God it's so hot stop it's 5
in the afternoon and it's 7 in the
morning
Pollito Los
and the last
Crickets
[Music]
are Look how it is Hey it may look like a
perfectly cool trunk how calm you
see it there it looks like a branch vonos Let's go let's
party come on crazy let's hit it today what do we
call Hello Chuchin
Nini
piruli I say I'll buy myself a
real crocodile to bring them with me for
this time I won't be ridiculous through
Thailand with those shoes you can go
now with this I have to admit that I was
wrong Let's go with this these
are the ones I put on as spare
but the white ones are not white anymore but
you have to use Cross I have to
use Cross some cute ones over there you have yes I
said that there was no way I would
wear crocs These are the authentic ones
But it has to be with croc CR is a
[Music]
crocodile no way but those are the ones you
have in my size Come on I
bought them for you I can't believe it
for them early I can't
believe that you're going to buy it
especially for you guys what do you
think are you comfortable yes yes no the
worst thing is that yes eh what Praise is that we  let's
go to the city and you're gonna have to go like this Hey, there you
go, you're strong [Music] They're buying all
the land around here That's why
I'm scared that he'll sell it because they
're buying all the [ __ ] land
around here This place has appreciated
10 times but 10 times all of this has been
bought Look, all this little flag
means that they've already bought it And now what
they do is create plots like this You
buy your plot and you make up your own
story But it's all bought Look, it
has appreciated I mean I brought
electricity here This didn't exist All
these poles and it has appreciated I mean
the electricity that was there was
third-rate electricity You know what
pisses me off is that people are donating
with all their [ __ ] hearts But knowing
Where he's going That he's going to parties That he's
going to [ __ ] That he's going to buy a
new car That he's going on trips That's what
pisses me off I mean
Last year I gave him 112,000 transferred
112,000 man so they could save for the
kids but  There has always been the agreement
to keep, keep, keep, keep the
safe. One day I open the safe and there is
nothing there,
man, and I say, Hey, the
Australian dollars. Ah, what do you think? I don't
get it. I say what is it?
Oscar has gone out of control in three
months and it's for
money, for money.
[Music]
Look at this, Jav, your gossip.
Hello, the potato packets here are
literally like putting mayonnaise
on chocolate. Jav has viewers. Look at this, Jav
has audiences. The kids
[Applause]
Yes, I would say they were I would say they
were these. I bought them on the other
trip. I bought them. Of course, in Spain,
when we talk about spicy potatoes, it's
a little spicy, like, it's good, no. I
mean, spicy,
I almost died, I mean, literally, I almost
choked, eh, I don't know if it was these. I don't know if it
was these or this, okay, but
literally, I almost died. I remember that I
even lost my breath because it was so
spicy, okay, by
the way, wow, it's expensive, don't go too expensive,
churra, damn it, I hadn't realized.
My potato
Bros.
mozzarella.
Hello,
hello,
beautiful. What's up?  Hello Hello
Hello honey Yes Yes Hello
[Music]
Hello support Frank Cuesta on kik together we
will save the sanctuary